Project 1 - Documentation

--- Project Structure ---
The structure of this project is as follows:
- lib folder
- project1.html
- project2.js
- stylesheet.css

--- File Contents ---
The lib folder contains three JavaScript files which were given to us to use throughout programming in WebGL.
They were written to help make certain calculations and functions simpler.  I did not edit or change these files
in any way.

The project1.html file defines the UI of the webpage, while also defining the elements used throughout
the project.  Any element which contains an "id" field is used later in our JavaScript. The important
elements are the canvas, which I gave extra styling (a border) to aid in visualization, various text
based elements for all text displayed on the webpage, and two input elements.  The first input element
is used for letting users upload a .dat file.  The second is used to allow the user to choose a color
from a color palette to change the color of the image drawn.

The project2.js file contains all the code to handle user input, parse a .dat file, and draw images
using WebGL.  The structure of this file is very function based, as I broke every step in the process
that I could down into simple functions.  This allowed me to make simple function calls for complex
actions the further I got into development.  the "main()" method handles most keyboard inputs and
calls the functions which handle initialization, draw mode and file mode.  There are multiple
functions for parsing the .dat file, each of them responsible for 1 or more key steps in the process.
The two other main functions are used to draw the current image to the canvas, and helper functions
to do small tasks needed along the way.  The functions to draw to the canvas are broken down into
individual steps in the process, such as drawing a single polyline, coloring the image and such.
The helper functions do small tasks such as adjusting the viewport, setting extent, clearing the canvas,
and doing conversions.  There finally is a function to handle the getting user input in drawing and
handing of the input off to the proper functions.

Finally, the CSS file is mainly used for spacing so that I could make my webpage look the way I wanted
it to in a clean way that follows standard web development practices.

--- Extra Credit ---
For extra credit, I applied a color picker which allows the user to select any color, instead of only
being able to cycle between the 4 specified in the project.  I tried to make this even cooler, and
to stick to the guidelines by not allowing the user to select a color which would be too light against
the white background.  Finally, while it may not count towards extra credit, I tried to go the extra mile
and take care of little things such as not allowing the user upload anything other than a .dat file and adding
appropriate loggers for swift debugging.
